Responses to the Devpost Submission Questions: 

🔥 HACKMESA Project Submission Outline 1. Project Name
A short, catchy title that reflects your project:

Round the World Math

2. Reason for Making the Project (Inspiration/Problem Statement)
What inspired your team to build this?
  - As all of us are STEM majors and enjoy math, we want to share the joy with others and break down learning barriers for children in k-12: an arithmetic game as a lot of people struggle with it. Including the fun facts could keep players interested in continuing to solve problems and practice regularly.


What problem are you trying to solve?
// Trying to patch the gaps in math by focusing on airthmetic and building a solid foundation there. 

Who does it help and how?
// It encourages regular practice and sets a fun learning environment for students. 

3. Project Description
What does your project do?
We’ve created an engaging arithmetic game that combines quick mental math with a unique reward system of points and global trivia. Users will be given short math problems with simple operations. If their answer is correct, they will receive points and fun facts from around the globe. Built with accessibility in mind, we aim to make learning at home fun, exciting, and rewarding for everyone.

How do users interact with it?
Users can choose between English and Spanish for their experience. They're also given a choice of power-up at the start, building momentum and creating motivation to get even more points. 

Any special features, unique innovations, or standout aspects?
This program can be expanded to include many more languages, as it's meant to be a global math practice tool.

4. Tech Stack
List of tools, languages, and frameworks used. 

// We used Google Gemini to help us generate code for what we wanted programmed from our idea. Our code was written in C++ and we used the IDE CLion from JetBrains. The fun facts were generated by the AI Deepseek.

5. Source Code / Devpost Link
GitHub or GitLab repository (include frontend/backend links if separate)

Any deployment/hosted links (demo video, live site, etc.)

//filler

6. (Optional) Challenges & Future Plans
What were the biggest challenges your team faced?
// The biggest challenges we faced as a team was our general programming skills as majority of the group has developing programming skills and very little exposure to programs that were used.

What do you plan to improve if given more time?
// If we would have been given more time, we would have liked to add an option to allow the user to select a specific area of fun facts they would be interested in learning about through the fun game we have created to strengthen the user's arithmethic skills.
